README.md, before:

# pylons

Pylons daemon is the project responsible for providing rest api and amino endpoints necessary for interacting with pylons eco system

## Setup development environment

```
git clone https://github.com/Pylons-tech/pylons
brew install pre-commit
brew install golangci/tap/golangci-lint
go get -u golang.org/x/lint/golint
pre-commit install
```

## How to

- Install

```
go clean -i all
go install ./cmd/pylonsd
go install ./cmd/pylonscli

```

- create a genesis block and some users

```

# Initialize configuration files and genesis file, the name here is "masternode", you can call it anything
pylonsd init masternode --chain-id pylonschain

# Copy the `Address` output here and save it for later use 
# [optional] add "--ledger" at the end to use a Ledger Nano S 
pylonscli keys add jack

# Copy the `Address` output here and save it for later use
pylonscli keys add alice

# Add both accounts, with coins to the genesis file
pylonsd add-genesis-account $(pylonscli keys show jack -a) 100pylon,1000jackcoin
pylonsd add-genesis-account $(pylonscli keys show alice -a) 100pylon,1000alicecoin

# Configure your CLI to eliminate need for chain-id flag
pylonscli config chain-id pylonschain
pylonscli config output json
pylonscli config indent true
pylonscli config trust-node true
```

- Multinode integration test is using init-account.sh. It does not use get-pylons but use the public genesis account for the tests accounts setup.
- For local genesis accounts setup for integration test, you can use `init_accounts.local.sh` file.

```
sh init_accounts.local.sh
```

`michael`, `eugen` account will be created after success run and will have loudcoin and pylons denom for tests.

- start the `pylonsd` node

```

pylonsd start

```

- play with the api

```
pylonscli tx pylons get-pylons --from alice
```

- start the `rest-server` in dev mode
```
pylonscli rest-server --chain-id pylonschain --trust-node --keyring-backend=test
```

## Running tests
- Unit test command

```
make unit_tests
```
- Integration test with local daemon command
```
make int_tests
```
- Fixture test with local daemon command
```
make fixture_tests
```

### Before running integration and fixture test initialize blockchain status and start daemon
Resets the blockchain database  
```
make reset_chain
```
Start daemon  
```
pylonsd start
```

### Configuration

- File name: `pylons.yml`

```
fees:
  recipe_fee_percentage: 10 # Pylons fee percentage
  cookbook_basic_fee: 10000 # Cookbook creation fee
  cookbook_premium_fee: 50000 # Cookbook creation fee
  pylons_trade_percentage: 10 # Pylons trade percentage
  minimum_trade_price: 10 # Minimum trade price
validators:
  pylons_llc: cosmos105wr8t6y97rwv90xzhxd4juj4lsajtjaass6h7 # this should be replaced
```

- `recipe_fee_percentage` refers to the percentage of pylons that needs to be  transfered to Pylons LLC validator address for every pylons denom paid recipe.  
- `cookbook_basic_fee` refers to the amount of pylons that needs to be paid to Pylons LLC validator address to create a basic tier cookbook creation.  
- `cookbook_premium_fee` refers to the amount of pylons that needs to be paid to Pylons LLC validator address to create a premium tier cookbook creation.  
- `pylons_trade_percentage` refers to the percentage of pylons that needs to be transfered from pylons incomer's side.
- `minimum_trade_price` refers to the minimum amount of pylons that needs to participate per trading.
- `pylons_llc` refers to cosmos address for Pylons LLC validator.

## Deploying for production

- run the rest server using the `--laddr` as `0.0.0.0`
```
pylonscli rest-server --chain-id pylonschain --trust-node --keyring-backend=test
```

## CLI based tx creation, sign and broadcast

### To get help from pylons tx, use below command
```
pylonscli tx pylons --help
```
Result is as follows
```
Pylons transactions subcommands

Usage:
  pylonscli tx pylons [command]

Available Commands:
  get-pylons      ask for pylons. 500 pylons per request
  send-pylons     send pylons of specific amount to the name provided
  create-cookbook create cookbook by providing the args
  update-cookbook update cookbook by providing the args
```

### To generate a transaction json, use below command
```
./pylonscli tx pylons get-pylons --from cosmos1y8vysg9hmvavkdxpvccv2ve3nssv5avm0kt337 --generate-only > t.json
```
Here, `cosmos1y8vysg9hmvavkdxpvccv2ve3nssv5avm0kt337` is account address, can be fetched by using `pylonscli keys show jack -a` command.
It is generating t.json like below.
```
{
  "type": "auth/StdTx",
  "value": {
    "msg": [
      {
        "type": "pylons/GetPylons",
        "value": {
          "Amount": [
            {
              "denom": "pylon",
              "amount": "500"
            }
          ],
          "Requester": "cosmos1y8vysg9hmvavkdxpvccv2ve3nssv5avm0kt337"
        }
      }
    ],
    "fee": {
      "amount": null,
      "gas": "200000"
    },
    "signatures": null,
    "memo": ""
  }
}
```

On above, main part is `value.msg`. It contains msg type and msg value.
Totally, it means Requester `cosmos1y8vysg9hmvavkdxpvccv2ve3nssv5avm0kt337`, have requested `500 pylons`.

Here's sample tx for `create cookbook`.
```
{
  "type": "auth/StdTx",
  "value": {
    "msg": [
      {
        "type": "pylons/CreateCookbook",
        "value": {
          "Description": "this has to meet character limits lol",
          "Developer": "SketchyCo",
          "Level": "0",
          "Name": "Morethan8Name",
          "Sender": "cosmos19vlpdf25cxh0w2s80z44r9ktrgzncf7zsaqey2",
          "SupportEmail": "example@example.com",
          "Version": "1.0.0"
        }
      }
    ],
    "fee": {
      "amount": null,
      "gas": "200000"
    },
    "signatures": null,
    "memo": ""
  }
}
```

This will enough for understanding structure of Transaction.

### Transaction sign process

Sample command.  
```
 pylonscli tx sign create_cookbook.json --from cosmos19vlpdf25cxh0w2s80z44r9ktrgzncf7zsaqey2 --chain-id pylonschain > signedCreateCookbookTx.json
```
Offline sign process to sign more than 1 transactions with 1 account within 1 block on test with daemon.
```
pylonscli tx sign sample_transaction.json --account-number 2 --sequence 10 --offline --from cosmos19vlpdf25cxh0w2s80z44r9ktrgzncf7zsaqey2
```
Here `account-number`, `sequence` and `offline` param was added. When we are using multi-node mode, we will need to find a way to broadcast multiple transactions within one account without using offline feature.

It means signing create_cookbook tx with cosmos19vlpdf25cxh0w2s80z44r9ktrgzncf7zsaqey2 (`pylonscli keys show jack -a`).

This is result of successfully signed transaction.

```
{
  "type": "auth/StdTx",
  "value": {
    "msg": [
      {
        "type": "pylons/CreateCookbook",
        "value": {
          "Name": "name",
          "Description": "this has to meet character limits lol",
          "Version": "1.0.0",
          "Developer": "SketchyCo",
          "SupportEmail": "example@example.com",
          "Level": "0",
          "Sender": "cosmos19vlpdf25cxh0w2s80z44r9ktrgzncf7zsaqey2"
        }
      }
    ],
    "fee": {
      "amount": null,
      "gas": "200000"
    },
    "signatures": [
      {
        "pub_key": {
          "type": "tendermint/PubKeySecp256k1",
          "value": "AnzIM9IcLb07Cvwq3hdMJuuRofAgxfDekkD3nJUPPw0w"
        },
        "signature": "6t3INv+sTpeXaiEANuZT5VgKjQz5cEUBAVtdSy7TntNu7aKHNaELrTRKqHZxZCsu9K6TIW9fMlqD/wyW4ncgqA=="
      }
    ],
    "memo": ""
  }
}
```

signatures field was modified.

### Broadcast signed transaction
```
pylonscli tx broadcast signedCreateCookbookTx.json 
```

Successful result
```
{
  "height": "0",
  "txhash": "8A847C81B396B07578FAEB25AA3E01FA11F03F300ECDDC8E4918A1D6F883640A"
}
```

### 3 node local cloudbuild setup guide on OSX

```
brew cask install google-cloud-sdk
gcloud components install docker-credential-gcr
gcloud auth configure-docker
gcloud components install cloud-build-local
nano ~/.bash_profile
export PATH=/usr/local/Caskroom/google-cloud-sdk/latest/google-cloud-sdk/bin:$PATH

gcloud auth login
gcloud projects create pylons-3nbuild
gcloud config set project pylons-3nbuild
cloud-build-local --config=cloudbuild.3ntest.yaml --dryrun=false .
```

# How to query transactions

TODO: pylonscli query txs command is removed or updated for cosmos sdk upgrade. We need to find correct querying functions and update the document

These are useful commands to query transactions by tags.

```
pylonscli query txs --tags tx.hash:A82E3CBD9BA956C9B0284955CDCA9A85E13213B0EAA03E58011EFB08B432C28D
pylonscli query txs --tags tx.height:3344 --page 1 --limit 100
pylonscli query txs --tags sender:cosmos1vy25zn267xwuecnrtqqqq8prr2qw6f477xz6s4 --page 1 --limit 100
pylonscli query txs --tags action:send --page 1 --limit 100
pylonscli query txs --tags action:fiat_item
pylonscli query txs --tags action:create_cookbook
pylonscli query txs --tags action:create_recipe
pylonscli query txs --tags action:execute_recipe
pylonscli query txs --tags action:check_execution
pylonscli query txs --tags action:create_trade
pylonscli query txs --tags action:fulfill_trade
pylonscli query txs --tags action:disable_trade
```

## How to get tag of specific transaction

If you run 
```
pylonscli query tx A82E3CBD9BA956C9B0284955CDCA9A85E13213B0EAA03E58011EFB08B432C28D
```

It returns something like this
```
{
  ...
  "tags": [
    {
      "key": "action",
      "value": "create_cookbook"
    }
  ],
  ...
}
```
This means we can query this transaction by using
```
pylonscli query txs --tags action:create_cookbook
```
which is `pylonscli query txs --tags <key>:<value>` according to documentation.

According to cosmos team discord channel, they said
```
<DOMAIN>/txs?sender=cosmos1y6yvdel7zys8x60gz9067fjpcpygsn62ae9x46
```
can be working.

For giving custom tag to a transaction, I need to think and research for that. But we have what we want right now.
The initial thought was to get transactions that are related to cookbook.

Commit message:

Update readme for the latest sdk update
Update readme for the latest sdk update

README.md, after:

# pylons

Pylons daemon is the project responsible for providing rest api and amino endpoints necessary for interacting with pylons eco system

## Setup development environment

```
git clone https://github.com/Pylons-tech/pylons
brew install pre-commit
brew install golangci/tap/golangci-lint
go get -u golang.org/x/lint/golint
pre-commit install
```

## How to

- Install

```
go clean -i all
go install ./cmd/pylonsd
go install ./cmd/pylonscli

```

- create a genesis block and some users

```

# Initialize configuration files and genesis file, the name here is "masternode", you can call it anything
pylonsd init masternode --chain-id pylonschain

# Copy the `Address` output here and save it for later use 
# [optional] add "--ledger" at the end to use a Ledger Nano S 
pylonscli keys add jack

# Copy the `Address` output here and save it for later use
pylonscli keys add alice

# Add both accounts, with coins to the genesis file
pylonsd add-genesis-account $(pylonscli keys show jack -a) 100pylon,1000jackcoin
pylonsd add-genesis-account $(pylonscli keys show alice -a) 100pylon,1000alicecoin

# Configure your CLI to eliminate need for chain-id flag
pylonscli config chain-id pylonschain
pylonscli config output json
pylonscli config indent true
pylonscli config trust-node true
```

- Multinode integration test is using init-account.sh. It does not use get-pylons but use the public genesis account for the tests accounts setup.
- For local genesis accounts setup for integration test, you can use `init_accounts.local.sh` file.

```
sh init_accounts.local.sh
```

`michael`, `eugen` account will be created after success run and will have loudcoin and pylons denom for tests.

- start the `pylonsd` node

```

pylonsd start

```

- play with the api

```
pylonscli tx pylons get-pylons --from alice
```

- start the `rest-server` in dev mode
```
pylonscli rest-server --chain-id pylonschain --trust-node --keyring-backend=test
```

## Running tests
- Unit test command

```
make unit_tests
```
- Integration test with local daemon command
```
make int_tests
```
- Fixture test with local daemon command
```
make fixture_tests
```

### Before running integration and fixture test initialize blockchain status and start daemon
Resets the blockchain database  
```
make reset_chain
```
Start daemon  
```
pylonsd start
```

### If you wanna get the latest updates of Pylons-sdk, use the following commands
```
go clean -modcache
```
```
go get github.com/Pylons-tech/pylons_sdk
```

### Configuration

- File name: `pylons.yml`

```
fees:
  recipe_fee_percentage: 10 # Pylons fee percentage
  cookbook_basic_fee: 10000 # Cookbook creation fee
  cookbook_premium_fee: 50000 # Cookbook creation fee
  pylons_trade_percentage: 10 # Pylons trade percentage
  minimum_trade_price: 10 # Minimum trade price
validators:
  pylons_llc: cosmos105wr8t6y97rwv90xzhxd4juj4lsajtjaass6h7 # this should be replaced
```

- `recipe_fee_percentage` refers to the percentage of pylons that needs to be  transfered to Pylons LLC validator address for every pylons denom paid recipe.  
- `cookbook_basic_fee` refers to the amount of pylons that needs to be paid to Pylons LLC validator address to create a basic tier cookbook creation.  
- `cookbook_premium_fee` refers to the amount of pylons that needs to be paid to Pylons LLC validator address to create a premium tier cookbook creation.  
- `pylons_trade_percentage` refers to the percentage of pylons that needs to be transfered from pylons incomer's side.
- `minimum_trade_price` refers to the minimum amount of pylons that needs to participate per trading.
- `pylons_llc` refers to cosmos address for Pylons LLC validator.

## Deploying for production

- run the rest server using the `--laddr` as `0.0.0.0`
```
pylonscli rest-server --chain-id pylonschain --trust-node --keyring-backend=test
```

## CLI based tx creation, sign and broadcast

### To get help from pylons tx, use below command
```
pylonscli tx pylons --help
```
Result is as follows
```
Pylons transactions subcommands

Usage:
  pylonscli tx pylons [command]

Available Commands:
  get-pylons      ask for pylons. 500 pylons per request
  send-pylons     send pylons of specific amount to the name provided
  create-cookbook create cookbook by providing the args
  update-cookbook update cookbook by providing the args
```

### To generate a transaction json, use below command
```
./pylonscli tx pylons get-pylons --from cosmos1y8vysg9hmvavkdxpvccv2ve3nssv5avm0kt337 --generate-only > t.json
```
Here, `cosmos1y8vysg9hmvavkdxpvccv2ve3nssv5avm0kt337` is account address, can be fetched by using `pylonscli keys show jack -a` command.
It is generating t.json like below.
```
{
  "type": "auth/StdTx",
  "value": {
    "msg": [
      {
        "type": "pylons/GetPylons",
        "value": {
          "Amount": [
            {
              "denom": "pylon",
              "amount": "500"
            }
          ],
          "Requester": "cosmos1y8vysg9hmvavkdxpvccv2ve3nssv5avm0kt337"
        }
      }
    ],
    "fee": {
      "amount": null,
      "gas": "200000"
    },
    "signatures": null,
    "memo": ""
  }
}
```

On above, main part is `value.msg`. It contains msg type and msg value.
Totally, it means Requester `cosmos1y8vysg9hmvavkdxpvccv2ve3nssv5avm0kt337`, have requested `500 pylons`.

Here's sample tx for `create cookbook`.
```
{
  "type": "auth/StdTx",
  "value": {
    "msg": [
      {
        "type": "pylons/CreateCookbook",
        "value": {
          "Description": "this has to meet character limits lol",
          "Developer": "SketchyCo",
          "Level": "0",
          "Name": "Morethan8Name",
          "Sender": "cosmos19vlpdf25cxh0w2s80z44r9ktrgzncf7zsaqey2",
          "SupportEmail": "example@example.com",
          "Version": "1.0.0"
        }
      }
    ],
    "fee": {
      "amount": null,
      "gas": "200000"
    },
    "signatures": null,
    "memo": ""
  }
}
```

This will enough for understanding structure of Transaction.

### Transaction sign process

Sample command.  
```
 pylonscli tx sign create_cookbook.json --from cosmos19vlpdf25cxh0w2s80z44r9ktrgzncf7zsaqey2 --chain-id pylonschain > signedCreateCookbookTx.json
```
Offline sign process to sign more than 1 transactions with 1 account within 1 block on test with daemon.
```
pylonscli tx sign sample_transaction.json --account-number 2 --sequence 10 --offline --from cosmos19vlpdf25cxh0w2s80z44r9ktrgzncf7zsaqey2
```
Here `account-number`, `sequence` and `offline` param was added. When we are using multi-node mode, we will need to find a way to broadcast multiple transactions within one account without using offline feature.

It means signing create_cookbook tx with cosmos19vlpdf25cxh0w2s80z44r9ktrgzncf7zsaqey2 (`pylonscli keys show jack -a`).

This is result of successfully signed transaction.

```
{
  "type": "auth/StdTx",
  "value": {
    "msg": [
      {
        "type": "pylons/CreateCookbook",
        "value": {
          "Name": "name",
          "Description": "this has to meet character limits lol",
          "Version": "1.0.0",
          "Developer": "SketchyCo",
          "SupportEmail": "example@example.com",
          "Level": "0",
          "Sender": "cosmos19vlpdf25cxh0w2s80z44r9ktrgzncf7zsaqey2"
        }
      }
    ],
    "fee": {
      "amount": null,
      "gas": "200000"
    },
    "signatures": [
      {
        "pub_key": {
          "type": "tendermint/PubKeySecp256k1",
          "value": "AnzIM9IcLb07Cvwq3hdMJuuRofAgxfDekkD3nJUPPw0w"
        },
        "signature": "6t3INv+sTpeXaiEANuZT5VgKjQz5cEUBAVtdSy7TntNu7aKHNaELrTRKqHZxZCsu9K6TIW9fMlqD/wyW4ncgqA=="
      }
    ],
    "memo": ""
  }
}
```

signatures field was modified.

### Broadcast signed transaction
```
pylonscli tx broadcast signedCreateCookbookTx.json 
```

Successful result
```
{
  "height": "0",
  "txhash": "8A847C81B396B07578FAEB25AA3E01FA11F03F300ECDDC8E4918A1D6F883640A"
}
```

### 3 node local cloudbuild setup guide on OSX

```
brew cask install google-cloud-sdk
gcloud components install docker-credential-gcr
gcloud auth configure-docker
gcloud components install cloud-build-local
nano ~/.bash_profile
export PATH=/usr/local/Caskroom/google-cloud-sdk/latest/google-cloud-sdk/bin:$PATH

gcloud auth login
gcloud projects create pylons-3nbuild
gcloud config set project pylons-3nbuild
cloud-build-local --config=cloudbuild.3ntest.yaml --dryrun=false .
```

# How to query transactions

TODO: pylonscli query txs command is removed or updated for cosmos sdk upgrade. We need to find correct querying functions and update the document

These are useful commands to query transactions by tags.

```
pylonscli query txs --tags tx.hash:A82E3CBD9BA956C9B0284955CDCA9A85E13213B0EAA03E58011EFB08B432C28D
pylonscli query txs --tags tx.height:3344 --page 1 --limit 100
pylonscli query txs --tags sender:cosmos1vy25zn267xwuecnrtqqqq8prr2qw6f477xz6s4 --page 1 --limit 100
pylonscli query txs --tags action:send --page 1 --limit 100
pylonscli query txs --tags action:fiat_item
pylonscli query txs --tags action:create_cookbook
pylonscli query txs --tags action:create_recipe
pylonscli query txs --tags action:execute_recipe
pylonscli query txs --tags action:check_execution
pylonscli query txs --tags action:create_trade
pylonscli query txs --tags action:fulfill_trade
pylonscli query txs --tags action:disable_trade
```

## How to get tag of specific transaction

If you run 
```
pylonscli query tx A82E3CBD9BA956C9B0284955CDCA9A85E13213B0EAA03E58011EFB08B432C28D
```

It returns something like this
```
{
  ...
  "tags": [
    {
      "key": "action",
      "value": "create_cookbook"
    }
  ],
  ...
}
```
This means we can query this transaction by using
```
pylonscli query txs --tags action:create_cookbook
```
which is `pylonscli query txs --tags <key>:<value>` according to documentation.

According to cosmos team discord channel, they said
```
<DOMAIN>/txs?sender=cosmos1y6yvdel7zys8x60gz9067fjpcpygsn62ae9x46
```
can be working.

For giving custom tag to a transaction, I need to think and research for that. But we have what we want right now.
The initial thought was to get transactions that are related to cookbook.
