TECHNICAL-SETUP.md, before:

# Requirements

## Install Go

This installation method removes existing Go installations, installs Go in `/usr/local/go/bin/go`, and sets
the environment variables.

1. Go to <https://golang.org/dl>.
1. Download the binary release that is suitable for your system.
1. Follow the installation instructions.

**Note:** We recommend not using brew to install Go.

## Install Starport

To install the latest version of the `starport` binary use the following command.

```shell
curl https://get.starport.network/starport! | bash
```

## Install Dev Tools

### pre-commit

`pre-commit` runs hooks before any commit to the git repository.  These hooks verify that any commit passes basic formatting and linting checks.

#### Homebrew

```shell
brew install pre-commit
```

#### Ubuntu / Debian based linux distributions

```shell
sudo apt install pre-commit
```

#### Setting up precommit in the project

After installing the binary, run the following command in the base directory of the `pylons` repository:

```shell
pre-commit install
```

Now, any time `git commit *` is run, the `pre-commit` hooks will run before the commit can be finalized.

### golangci-lint

`golangci-lint` is a linter runner used in the `make lint` command provided to developers.
To install it into `$GOPATH/bin` run:

```shell
curl -sSfL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/golangci/golangci-lint/master/install.sh | sh -s -- -b $(go env GOPATH)/bin v1.41.1
```

Commit message:

docs: Create Developer-CLI-Tutorial.md (#500)
* Create Developer-CLI-Tutorial.md

* Update Developer-CLI-Tutorial.md

* Update Developer-CLI-Tutorial.md

Edited to address review by Alex

* Update Developer-CLI-Tutorial.md

* Update Developer-CLI-Tutorial.md

* Update Developer-CLI-Tutorial.md

* Update Developer-CLI-Tutorial.md

* Update Developer-CLI-Tutorial.md

* Update Developer-CLI-Tutorial.md

* Update Developer-CLI-Tutorial.md

* Update Developer-CLI-Tutorial.md

* Update Developer-CLI-Tutorial.md

* Update Developer-CLI-Tutorial.md

* change title and edit for grammar

* tighten the technical setup

* more grammar fixes

* halfway through, follow the examples and let's try again next week

* Update Developer-CLI-Tutorial.md

* Update Developer-CLI-Tutorial.md

* Update Developer-CLI-Tutorial.md

* Update Developer-CLI-Tutorial.md

* Update Developer-CLI-Tutorial.md

Co-authored-by: Barrie Byron <barriebyron.barriebyron@gmail.com>

TECHNICAL-SETUP.md, after:

# Technical Setup 

To ensure you have a successful experience working with Pylons, your local system must meet these technical requirements.

## Install Go

This installation method removes existing Go installations, installs Go in `/usr/local/go/bin/go`, and sets the environment variables.

1. Go to <https://golang.org/dl>.
1. Download the binary release that is suitable for your system.
1. Follow the installation instructions.

**Note:** We recommend not using brew to install Go.

## Install Starport

To install the latest version of the `starport` binary use the following command.

```shell
curl https://get.starport.network/starport! | bash
```

## Install Git pre-commit Hook

Git `pre-commit` hooks run before any commit to the Git repository. These hooks verify that each commit passes basic formatting and linting checks.

- Homebrew 

    ```shell
    brew install pre-commit
    ```

- Ubuntu and Debian-based Linux Distributions

    ```shell
    sudo apt install pre-commit
    ```

## Install pre-commit in Your Local Pylons Repo

After installing the `pre-commit` binary, run the following command in the base directory of the `pylons` repository:

```shell
pre-commit install
```

Now, any time `git commit *` is run, the `pre-commit` hooks run before the commit can be finalized.

## Install Go Linters Aggregator

The `golangci-lint` linter runner is used in the `make lint` command that is provided to developers.

To install `golangci-lint` into `$GOPATH/bin`, run:

```shell
curl -sSfL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/golangci/golangci-lint/master/install.sh | sh -s -- -b $(go env GOPATH)/bin v1.41.1
```
