cmd/fixtures_test/README.md, before:

# Introduction

Fixture test is a test to check all the cases are working.
After writing initial test, game developers can easily create new scenarios according to their game specification.

## Basic fields description

Scenario is set of steps and each step is carried out by one transaction.  
Here's sample scenario's step in JSON

```
    {
        "ID": "EXECUTE_HELI_STRAIGHT_ATTACK_KNIFE_RECIPE",        
        "runAfter": {
            "precondition": ["CREATE_HELI_STRAIGHT_ATTACK_KNIFE_RECIPE"],
            "blockWait": 0
        },
        "action": "execute_recipe",
        "paramsRef": "./executions/heli_straight_attack_knife.json",
        "output": {
            "txResult": {
                "status": "Success",
                "message": "successfully executed the recipe"
            },
            "property": {
                "owner": "eugen",
                "items": [
                    {
                        "stringKeys": [],
                        "stringValues": { "Name": "Helicopter's Straight Attack Knife" },
                        "dblKeys": [],
                        "dblValues": {},
                        "longKeys": [],
                        "longValues": {}
                    }
                ]
            }
        }
    }
```

First it can check if transaction run successfully and returned value is correct.
And also it can check if transaction fails when params are incorrect.
It is described in `txResult`.

It can also check if user's status is correct after doing a transaction.
Checkable things are items, recipes, cookbooks and coins.

It can make the system to run `create_cookbook`, `create_recipe`, `execute_recipe`, `check_execution`, `fiat_item`.

Detailed params can be found at `./scenarios/submarine.json`.
And to make things easier and to make scenario file smaller, there are references to other files.
For example when creating recipe, recipe spec is in `./recipes` folder.

## How a game producer write test 

Before reading this, he/she should know well about pylons eco system. Please read [DEVELOPER DOC](https://github.com/MikeSofaer/pylons/blob/master/DEVELOPER_DOC.md) and [README](https://github.com/MikeSofaer/pylons/blob/master/README.md) before reading this.

Game producers should create cookbooks, items, recipes, executions, check_executions and scenarios in JSON to test.  
You can check `scenarios`, `cookbooks`, `items`, `recipes`, `executions`, `check_executions` to get sample JSON formats you want to be aware of.

## How fixture test executor work

All the test scenarios are running in parallel. Some scenarios have dependencies and there are waiters.

Each steps have it's own ID like "CREATE_KNIFE_ITEM"
And to execute a recipe which requires this item, it should be done after waiting for this and it has `precondition` field `["CREATE_KNIFE_ITEM"]`.
Steps can wait more than one other steps and all the IDs can be added to the array.

`blockWait` field is number of blocks to wait after precondition is ok.

There's circular dependency checker and it will automatically fail if it's found by testing system.

Commit message:

fix mapper issue & make it possible to not check Message field after running when it's ambitious

cmd/fixtures_test/README.md, after:

# Introduction

Fixture test is a test to check all the cases are working.
After writing initial test, game developers can easily create new scenarios according to their game specification.

## Basic fields description

Scenario is set of steps and each step is carried out by one transaction.  
Here's sample scenario's step in JSON

```
    {
        "ID": "EXECUTE_HELI_STRAIGHT_ATTACK_KNIFE_RECIPE",        
        "runAfter": {
            "precondition": ["CREATE_HELI_STRAIGHT_ATTACK_KNIFE_RECIPE"],
            "blockWait": 0
        },
        "action": "execute_recipe",
        "paramsRef": "./executions/heli_straight_attack_knife.json",
        "output": {
            "txResult": {
                "status": "Success",
                "message": "successfully executed the recipe"
            },
            "property": {
                "owner": "eugen",
                "items": [
                    {
                        "stringKeys": [],
                        "stringValues": { "Name": "Helicopter's Straight Attack Knife" },
                        "dblKeys": [],
                        "dblValues": {},
                        "longKeys": [],
                        "longValues": {}
                    }
                ]
            }
        }
    }
```

First it can check if transaction run successfully and returned value is correct.
And also it can check if transaction fails when params are incorrect.
It is described in `txResult`.

It can also check if user's status is correct after doing a transaction.
Checkable things are items, recipes, cookbooks and coins.

It can make the system to run `create_cookbook`, `create_recipe`, `execute_recipe`, `check_execution`, `fiat_item`.

Detailed params can be found at `./scenarios/submarine.json`.
And to make things easier and to make scenario file smaller, there are references to other files.
For example when creating recipe, recipe spec is in `./recipes` folder.

hint.  
To ignore txResult Message, which is because it's ambitious to get which message to get, can just ignore TxResult.Message field like below.
```
    "txResult": {
        "status": "Success"
    },
```

## How a game producer write test 

Before reading this, he/she should know well about pylons eco system. Please read [DEVELOPER DOC](https://github.com/MikeSofaer/pylons/blob/master/DEVELOPER_DOC.md) and [README](https://github.com/MikeSofaer/pylons/blob/master/README.md) before reading this.

Game producers should create cookbooks, items, recipes, executions, check_executions and scenarios in JSON to test.  
You can check `scenarios`, `cookbooks`, `items`, `recipes`, `executions`, `check_executions` to get sample JSON formats you want to be aware of.

## How fixture test executor work

All the test scenarios are running in parallel. Some scenarios have dependencies and there are waiters.

Each steps have it's own ID like "CREATE_KNIFE_ITEM"
And to execute a recipe which requires this item, it should be done after waiting for this and it has `precondition` field `["CREATE_KNIFE_ITEM"]`.
Steps can wait more than one other steps and all the IDs can be added to the array.

`blockWait` field is number of blocks to wait after precondition is ok.

There's circular dependency checker and it will automatically fail if it's found by testing system.
